Description of account:                                                                                                              
Manage subscriptions.                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                     
account clear - Clear all subscriptions from the CLI's local cache.                                                                  
account list  - Get a list of subscriptions for the account.                                                                         
account show  - Show the details of a subscription.                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                     
Description of monitor:                                                                                                              
Commands to manage Azure Monitor service.                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                     
monitor alert        - Commands to manage metric-based alert rules.                                                                  
monitor log-profiles - Commands to manage the log profiles assigned to Azure subscription.                                           
                                                                                                                                     
Description of storage:                                                                                                              
Durable, highly available, and massively scalable cloud storage.                                                                     
                                                                                                                                     
storage blob  - Object storage for unstructured data.                                                                                
storage queue - Use queues to effectively scale applications according to traffic.                                                   
storage table - NoSQL key-value storage using semi-structured datasets.                                                              
                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                     