Available commands                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                     
account  Manage subscriptions.                                                                                                       
monitor  Commands to manage Azure Monitor service.                                                                                   
storage  Durable, highly available, and massively scalable cloud storage.                                                            
                                                                                                                                     
Description of account clear command:                                                                                                
Clear all subscriptions from the CLI's local cache.                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                     
Description of account list command:                                                                                                 
Get a list of subscriptions for the account.                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                     
Description of account show command:                                                                                                 
Show the details of a subscription.                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                     
Description of monitor alert command:                                                                                                
Commands to manage metric-based alert rules.                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                     
Description of monitor log-profiles command:                                                                                         
Commands to manage the log profiles assigned to Azure subscription.                                                                  
                                                                                                                                     
Description of storage blob command:                                                                                                 
Object storage for unstructured data.                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                     
Description of storage queue command:                                                                                                
Use queues to effectively scale applications according to traffic.                                                                   
                                                                                                                                     
Description of storage table command:                                                                                                
NoSQL key-value storage using semi-structured datasets.                                                                              
                                                                                                                                     